Refactor fontawesome icon usage. (#6282)
mermaid-js/mermaid: packages/mermaid/src/docs/syntax/flowchart.md

    B-->E(A fa:fa-camera-retro perhaps?)
```

There are two ways to display these FontAwesome icons:

### Register FontAwesome icon packs (v11.4.2+)

> You can register your own FontAwesome icon pack, to register follow the instructions provided [here](../config/icons.md).

Reviewer: **nitpick**: We should try to avoid hyperlink text like **here** or **click here** or **learn more** (see [W3C "Don't use 'click here' as link text" guidelines](https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere))

```suggestion
You can register your own FontAwesome icon pack following the ["Registering icon packs" instructions](../config/icons.md).
```

> 

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Is it worth also listing the prefixes that are supported here? E.g. stating that you have to use `fa`/`fab`/etc.?

Author: Added in https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/pull/6282/commits/a31adc63a97d7d189fa616c057b766c6dfcc1591

    B-->E(A fa:fa-camera-retro perhaps?)
```

There are two ways to display these FontAwesome icons:

> ### Register FontAwesome icon packs (v11.4.2+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Register FontAwesome icon packs (v<MERMAID_RELEASE_VERSION>+)
```

Maybe we should use `<MERMAID_RELEASE_VERSION>` instead? I think the next version will probably be `v11.5.0`, but it might even be `v12.0.0` if we have breaking changes to release.
